You have experienced the Nordic Walk, so please take a quick look
Yes So does
There was me
It is the first of two days It is the first time or yes yes so we are beginning
Say Polo one I eat went to the
Thank you very much
Do for sports
There is also a pole for aggressive
It is said that it is easy to use even for the first time today
We used pole of rifen dance dance
First adjust the length
Yes have been a little disturbed this form with it in the house
It is how to match the length
First of all yeah
It is seen and opened upper one
I do not go either towards the bottom in the right hand
It is a good story if you and the fans
If I challenge you call
Stretched out
Then I say it will stop
I hope that only two races will be extended to that extent to some extent
Te Gurippu'
ather
A pen clip at the height of lies
I was in
Please also look at the length and yen sales
I've been doing the is in my case
It is a centimeter
More than 100 people a day
There was the opposite earlier this time
I think so much
We want to firm
Once a
ni
Our length is height multiplied by 0.63
A little than the elbow right angle when you got to with the pole
Let's adjust the length to the extent that the fist falls
Tei doing Japan
Masu entered Tei
New pot
Its is chosen by the earlier
I do not think the app mountain
But not a bought Kaiserslautern So yeah
A 3 t 2
It is a grip
Well, let's have some wings so that this is the outside
We received your feed There is a display in the fact that the right and left and pull each
You loose the magic belt a little while
Let me get a little old
With the right hand I want to see the grip
Lightly because s trap is okay with loosened in Yes
Don't close
Leaving
It is how to enter, but with the middle finger
And thumb up
It is on
I entered and grabbed it as well
Country control
Yes this is
If the grip continues to hold firmly, blood flow will stop
It will cause swelling
To relax and disconnect as much as possible force
Let's cut into
Well then
It took first what I encounter
is inside
As always
Tomorrow and
Failure I but
Let's follow the vertical
But I felt like I walked
It is easy to walk by oneself by attaching a slant and adjusting the length afterward
Please grab an image of the hand after here
Ah ah ah ah
I think I entered
No cold war
Contains
It does not contain
Only because it uses the unknown indication
I will do it
This is
I'm Jack